README.md, before:

# Node Express Starter

This is a simple but complete boilerplate for a NodeJS REST API app using ExpressJS, validation with [Joi](https://joi.dev/), caching with [Redis](https://redis.io/), and database connection with [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/).

There is clear separation between app layers to make code navigation a breeze.

# Application structure

Router -> Controller -> Service -> Persistence.

# Tokens

The app has 2 types of tokens. **Access Tokens** and **Refresh Tokens**.

Access tokens are required on every request (except when signing in/up) as a header `"Authorization": "Bearer ..."`.

The **Access Token** has an expiry. When it expires, the client is expected to use the **Refresh Token** to generate a new **Access Token** for subsequent requests.

Upon signup or signin, the client will receive both an access and a refresh token:

```json
{
  "tokens": {
    "access_token": "...",
    "refresh_token": "..."
  }
}
```

# Todo

- [x] Improve error handling
- [ ] Revisit logger use
- [x] Add JWT auth refresh. Needs error response of "expired"
- [x] Add route to refresh tokens
- [ ] Add Postgres into docker-compose
- [ ] Add persistence layer for User
- [ ] Add persistence layer for UserTokens
- [ ] Add Redis into docker-compose
- [ ] Add caching functions for UserTokens
- [ ] Add NodeJS events to do cache updates
- [ ] Add scheduled cleanup worker for orphaned tokens (refresh token validity period)
- [ ] Add all the test

Commit message:

Routes setup with errors as values working

README.md, after:

# Node Express Starter

This is a simple but complete boilerplate for a NodeJS REST API app using ExpressJS, validation with [Joi](https://joi.dev/), caching with [Redis](https://redis.io/), and database connection with [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/).

There is clear separation between app layers to make code navigation a breeze.

# Application structure

Router -> Controller -> Service -> Persistence.

**Routers** define middleware and final functions in the pipeline.

**Controllers** orchestrate the rest of the call-graph. They can call into multiple services and components. They do not throw errors, but rather pass custom `Error`s to a controller-level error handler. They are the only point beyond routers that send responses to clients.

For

**Services** do the domain-specific work, perform any data transformations, and can call the persistence layer as well as trigger any events.

**Persistence** is solely to save to a data store. It will have to do any required sanitization of input as well.

```
Client --> Router --> Controller --> ServiceA --> PersistenceA
                                \
                                 \ --> ServiceB --> PersistenceB
                                 /
                                /
Client <-----------------------
```

# Tokens

The app has 2 types of tokens. **Access Tokens** and **Refresh Tokens**.

Access tokens are required on every request (except when signing in/up) as a header `"Authorization": "Bearer ..."`.

The **Access Token** has an expiry. When it expires, the client is expected to use the **Refresh Token** to generate a new **Access Token** for subsequent requests.

Upon signup or signin, the client will receive both an access and a refresh token:

```json
{
  "tokens": {
    "access_token": "...",
    "refresh_token": "..."
  }
}
```

# Todo

- [x] Improve error handling
- [x] Add JWT auth refresh. Needs error response of "expired"
- [x] Add route to refresh tokens
- [x] Add password encryption and decryption
- [ ] Add Postgres into docker-compose
- [ ] Add persistence layer for User
- [ ] Add persistence layer for UserTokens
- [ ] Add Redis into docker-compose
- [ ] Add caching functions for UserTokens
- [ ] Add NodeJS events to do cache updates
- [ ] Add scheduled cleanup worker for orphaned tokens (refresh token validity period)
- [ ] Revisit logger use
- [ ] Add all the test
